Project Description
The project is aimed to help students improve self-learning and research skills. The project is
open-ended and students will decide on the particular algorithm(s) and real world
application(s) to study, e.g., CPU scheduling and optimization, process and thread scheduling,
memory management, network and security, parallel and distributed computing, etc.
Project Process:



1. Find recent research papers within 5 years (2021-2025) at https://www.ieee.org/ or
https://dl.acm.org/ and define the problem you want to work on.

Please Vote from the chosen, or Propose you're own by committing a new one.

2. Implement the algorithms proposed in existing papers. A more convenient way is to find
the papers that already uploaded their code at GitHub. More information can be found
at https://paperswithcode.com/ (Be careful, some uploaded GitHub code has lots of
bugs, you can either debug them or switch to another project).

What Algorithm do we want to choose (Requires Step 1 to be finished)

3. Propose your own algorithm based on existing algorithm and try to improve the
performance of the existing work. You can do it by either changing parameters,
proposing a better algorithm, or adding something new to the problem itself.

TBA


4. Implement your proposed algorithm by simulations. Use graphs to compare and
demonstrate that your proposed work performs better than existing work. The graphs
should clearly show the difference between yours and the existing one. For example, a
graph has two lines representing yours and the existing one where one line is above the
other.

TBA

5. Submit your presentation slides before 11/11, 11:59 pm (tentative) and make the
presentations in the last two weeks of this semester.

TBA

6. Submit your final package before 12/1, 11:59 pm. The package contains the original
paper, final report (see template), runnable code, a video of how you run your code and
generate results.

TBA

PS: Don’t wait until the last minute to do your project, you will meet lots of unexpected issues.

Please clarify the contribution of each group member and we will grade accordingly.




